# Adding operation
    C++ interact with operations generated by TableGen
        **The operation name**
        **The traits of the operation** this allow you to specitfy traits(特性) of the operation， 例如 是否 有side effects 或者 它是否应该查验操作数和结果的类型是相同的
        **The arguments of the operation**  input operands  
        ** The result of the operation ** This includes a one-line summary as wel as a longer human-readable description of the operation.
        ** Dialect specifi information **  Additional information could be added to the operation definition that are only used by dialect specific drivers. These are ignored by the main op and doc generators, but could be used in, say, the translation from a dialect to another representation.



# Adding parttens （什么是 pattern ？）
    DAG Tile to DAG Tile rewrite 
    Parttens provide a concise(简洁的) way to express this transformation as a pair of source pattern to match and resultant pattern
    There are both the C++ classes to represent this transformation, as well as the patterns in TableGen from which these can be generated.  

# TableGen Patterns
  
Pattern 就是一个映射啊 ！ 把图映射成另一张图
通过 TableGen 定义pattern 是一种方式

调用 c++ 函数的 TableGen pattern

def createTFLLeakyRelu : NativeCodeCall<
    "createTFLLeakyRelu($_builder, $0.getDefiningOp(), $1, $2)">;

def : Pat<(TF_LeakyReluOp:$old_value, $arg, F32Attr:$a),
          (createTFLLeakyRelu $old_value, $arg, $a)>;

static Value createTFLLeakyRelu(PatternRewriter &rewriter, Operation *op,
                                Value operand, Attribute attr) {
  return rewriter.create<mlir::TFL::LeakyReluOp>(
      op->getLoc(), operands[0].getType(), /*arg=*/operands[0],
      /*alpha=*/attrs[0].cast<FloatAttr>());
}          

This allows for arbitrarily complex builders. Input pattern side one can express multi-op patterns with constraints on input operands and attributes. But input patterns cannot yet express constraints across multiple operands/attributes.
这允许 任意的 复杂的 builders 。 Input pattern s

#
